get ideas live here from battle bunker
down to Melbourne I've been doing a
little bit of working my workshop just
moving things around and getting some
organized excuse me and I was reading
through some comments on YouTube and all
of the Rings was mentioned again and so
many people have been talking about lot
of rings I don't know why it's not that
popular here but in the last two weeks
or so there's been a lot going on and
I'm actually partway through a lot of
the Rings Commission which I'll take
some pictures don't show me so anyway so
I thought I'd show you what this table
behind me it's a fully textured tape
bill specifically lorries I've got some
extra tables laying around here that
I've built for a tournament recently
they haven't been finished up and
haven't been started so I'm going to
won't take you longer than journey as I
do those tables as well but until then
I'll leave you with a quick zip around
the table down there and I shall see you
next time
do that again chap
the board does need a little bit of
loving care a little bit of repair it's
four years old again this was built by
Scott Irish against going hearing we can
build some stuff together he's a man or
some guy haven't seen him for a while
he's too slack to come the extra five
minutes from the other store
so as you can see like I said it makes
some bit of repair a century
I'm starting to get exposed but you can
see it's just build from a is a phone
contoured textured with air
much colder pasta
actually quite a nice movie board not
too good for fantasy because of all the
contours but
for little strategy games war machine
hordes were the Rings
while we're skirmishes
and some breaches that have been broken
anyway guys I'll leave you with that bit
more senior inspiration for you until I
get myself sorted out thanks guys say
you